coming in hot with a win against fly
quests I'm kelcie here with 100 thieves
meteos with coverage presented by Omni
slash so I yeah you guys went to a no
this week
are you well you guys are in a slump for
a little bit do you guys think you have
your groove back now well I think we're
doing a lot better than we were before
it's hard to really say for sure like
yeah you know we're never gonna lose
another game but I think we've
definitely moved in the right direction
a lot like we're working together a lot
better now it seems like everyone's
enjoying themselves more when we
practice that kind of stuff which I
think it's really important honestly
like even if the team is winning if
you're not getting along perfectly then
you know it's it's not gonna last so I
always value like good team cohesion and
chemistry and then you know the wins
sort of happened naturally yeah I feel
like a lot of teams morale is the big
decider and how well they do during the
weeks and you hear from a lot of teams
that are something that you know things
aren't always right with the connections
in between teammates but you would say
you guys right now have yeah a pretty
cohesive friendship like you just said I
think for sure we're a lot better than
we were before I think that you know we
started the season with a pretty good
record so it's hard to really like not
get along when you're winning but yeah
after we started losing you know
everyone's got like different views on
what they want to do so it's just about
like staying together having each
other's backs while also trying to work
through differences and play style and
that kind of stuff so I think we've done
a really good job on that I think we
still you know have some work to do on
how we play it's not like we're perfect
or anything but definitely moving the
right direction and looking forward to
continuing that all right well speaking
on today's game you guys brought out the
Blitzcrank and now I think a lot of
people know that that's when it afros
pocket picks but have you guys been
practicing playing the Blitzcrank I
don't think we actually played blitz in
this scrim but they picked this like
super super
just full committed to poke comp and
when they have something like that's
basically we're just saying okay if we
get any engage whatsoever we win the
fight
so Blitzcrank look really good there
they banned out like Alistair Brahm and
you know we all trust doc he's a really
good player he pulled out thrush the day
before and let's Bank look really good
here so we're like yeah go for it dude
so I wanted to get back to yesterday's
game against cloud 9
you guys won there and you guys have won
against your other half sneaky and then
you guys were on the alt stream together
which was absolutely hilarious by the
way how is the dynamic between you two
when one beats the other is it all fun
and games you guys meme each other later
or do you have I don't think the result
of the game matters too much between me
and II like he doesn't get fazed by
anything so a loss doesn't bother him
sometimes I get a little butthurt if I
lose if I feel like we could have done a
lot better like if things just fell
through but now we've always been really
cool like after our first loss we both
had features and we were just talking to
each other after that game like when I
lost to them and then this time we beat
them and we're always Joe it doesn't
really affect anything too much oh good
friendship good between lovers no I'm
just joking guy so now I want to talk a
little bit about the upcoming patch 8.4
have you been keeping track of what's
been going on because some I feel like
some LCS pros it's like they're so into
the patch that LCS has played on but
they don't really look ahead but I think
it's coming out either next week or this
week so have you been i experimenting or
like thinking about it because there's a
removal of trackers knife which a lot of
junglers have really debated on that
will or saying that it will really
affect the game what's your opinion on
it it's definitely gonna be a weird
patch I've been playing some soloqueue
but I feel like I'm gonna have to wait
till scrim start to really get a feel
for what the game is like without track
or knife because right now pretty much
one of the most common things you see in
games is like junglers recall when they
can buy tracker knife and then they go
and they get vision down and I'm
actually I'm a pretty big fan of the
vision game I think it's
fun controlling vision is jungler
because it's not just the case I like I
put down all my words now nothing
happens
I'm afk farming it's more the case that
it's like kind of a balancing act
between like you know we're gonna put
down our vision here because we're
stronger and if they try to contest this
vision line we can get a fight here so
on one hand I think vision can start a
lot of fights so I'm a little worried
that if there's just no vision
everything's dark outside of like you
know a trinket some control words it
might actually make the games slower and
less fun because generally in pro play
it's not the case it's like hmm I can go
in here and if the jungler is not there
I win it if he is there I'm dead you
know usually the best situation people
will just say okay I'm not gonna go in
here so it might lead to a lot more like
passive gameplay it's not much vision
but who knows it's really hard to
predict that kind of thing maybe it'll
be a good change but I think it's
definitely take a lot of getting used to
for competitive games speaking of one of
the champions that's probably gonna be
affected most by this change is Lee sin
I feel like it's been a pretty hot topic
on ready and on Twitter if he's even
going to be useful anymore but you would
know vests I mean you have your fair
share of games on Lee sin I do you have
opinion on how it's gonna go out I'd say
my Leeson's infamous more than anything
because I don't know my history or that
champs really weird he's never a champ
that I've been like super in love with
but I have played him when he's good and
I remember I won a lot of games on Lee
sin when I like played him back in what
was it like season 4 and 5 but then you
know we lost to SKT at Worlds with Lisa
and now all of a sudden my Leeson is the
biggest meme and it's actually like I
think Lisa is a really confident space
champion and ever since then it's just
hard for me to pick them because it's
like you know every Lisa and players
gonna mess up some stuff but for me it's
just like I feel like if anything goes
wrong everyone's like medias Lisa and
it's like obviously like I try not to
let that stuff get to me too much but it
does kind of rattle me a bit so I've
been staying away from the champ a bit
I'm not necessarily like the Leeson
expert if there's other stuff to play
I'd rather play that
but as far as no tracker not everything
is gonna make his life a lot harder what
I've seen some people do is getting like
a really early Targa as a relic shield
and then just like when you gank you
just stack that up and you know maybe
mid game you'll have your wards back so
I think that's an option but I think he
will be kind of weak because he's not
played too much now anyway oh not at
least in competitive games I I hope they
do something for him because Lisa is
just like a fun champion you know he's
one of the people's favorite junglers to
play to watch so I hope they don't just
like leave from the dust alright and
going even farther into the upcoming
patches have you looked at all on
pathfinders knife so the new jungle item
that's gonna replace all the jungle
items I I think it's a weird change but
you even know better have you like
started looking into that and how it's
gonna affect the game well did they
confirm that they're adding it because
last I heard it was it was on the PBE
and they were just testing it out seeing
if they want to add that to the game and
I I think it'd probably be better than
just blue and red smite because one
thing that's been weird about right
smite basically like since it's been a
thing is that it really slants like any
jungle duel basically because it's it's
like you're exhausting and igniting the
dude that you're fighting 20% damage
reduction is a ton like it might not
seem like a lot when you're hit with the
effect but rats might definitely like if
you write something enemy jungler and he
doesn't read smite you back there's
almost no way to lose that fight unless
you like you just are way weaker so
getting rid of that part of the you know
smiting mechanic might be a good thing
in the long run because it'll make it so
like jungle fights are more balanced
able around something that's not just
the smite and then also it'll free you
up from having to buy a million control
words because you know big part of
jungling is that vision control and I
found myself like when I come out of
base getting to three control words
every time and that does like hurt your
gold income because a lot of times in
competitive games like you're not just
farming all your camps it would be like
I come out of base I go for a play and
then the play works I recall and then we
go for another place
not actually ever farming and I'm
spending the money I do get on wards so
Pathfinder could be cool gives you a
free control word and then if you kind
of generally get more control words so I
think it'd probably be a pretty good
change and last thing on the patch we
are going to see is that we get nerf to
the ground all right have you ever
thought she was Opie or are you excited
to see this happen and probably see her
never up here for a while in competitive
play because he went up against her
today and she's just annoying and I'm
sure you might feel the same yeah well I
don't know I'm split on it I think that
Zoe has some really really oppressive
aspects to her that's just not fun to
play against but I kind of wish they
went about nerf like went about the
nerfs in a different way so like for me
the thing that has always felt the most
unfair about Zoe is just that like you
don't really know what she's doing a lot
of the time and something like I
mentioned on Twitter when I was talking
I double lift but it was I wish there
was a change that kind of like made it
more evident when she has her cute out
like you know when she when you're
playing Zoe you have a really big
indicator knowing where your Q is but
when you're playing against her a lot of
the time the Q's off-screen and you
don't even know you're about to get hit
by a Q that's gonna do half your health
so I wish they just kind of gave her
more readability on what she's doing
which is a change they've done for other
champs - you know like imagine playing
against Kane if you didn't have that
little like circle where he's gonna come
out of the wall it'd be so annoying and
with Zac they made it so the indicator
for where he's gonna land shows up
earlier and those kind of changes don't
necessarily lower the power of the
champion but it just makes it feel more
fair to play against like you just
understand what's going on so I would
like to see that kind of change for Zoe
moreso than just like gutting her
numbers but I do think she's I've seen
her a little bit in soloqueue she
doesn't seem that bad but um I think
she's a pretty cool champion like
outside of some things like eating from
a mile away and one shotting use kind of
lame but uh I think she has a lot of
skill expression and I'll playability
she's easy to kill and so I I think
those things are pretty cool about her
so I'd like to see her stay around but
maybe just in a healthier version very
insightful answers I felt like I learned
a lot in these last few minutes I
there anything else that you would like
to say to your fans out there well
thanks to all the fans you've stuck with
us hopefully we keep improving and
getting better and that's about it
all right well congratulations on the
win good luck with the rest of the
season and for everybody else if you
want to find all things eSports check
out the channel oh hey um you might
remember me from Travis's video when I
was stealing proof from the LCS and yeah
that's kind of the only reason I come
here but anyways while you're here thank
you for watching subscribe and thank you
to Omni slash for supporting